[New] Show extruded graphics (#646)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Show extruded graphics/README.md

## How to use the sample

Run the sample. Note that the graphics are extruded to the level set in their height property.

## How it works

1. Create a `GraphicsOverlay` and `SimpleRenderer`.
2. Set the extrusion mode for the renderer with `renderer.sceneProperties.extrusionMode = .baseHeight`.
3. Specify the attribute name of the graphic that the extrusion mode will use, `RendererSceneProperties.extrusionExpression = "[height]"`.
4. Set the renderer on the graphics overlay using, `GraphicsOverlay.renderer = renderer`.
5. Create graphics with their attribute set, `graphic.setAttributeValue(ZValue, forKey: "height")`.

## Relevant API

* RendererSceneProperties
* RendererSceneProperties.ExtrusionMode
* SimpleRenderer

## About the data

> Data is hard coded in this sample as a demonstration of how to create and set an attribute to a graphic. To extrude graphics based on pre-existing attributes (e.g. from a feature layer) see the FeatureLayerExtrusion sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is hard coded in this sample as a demonstration of how to create and set an attribute to a graphic. To extrude graphics based on pre-existing attributes (e.g. from a feature layer) see the "Show extruded features" sample.
```
